Add EAC steps to plus-addressing-in-exchange-online.md (#2941)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/recipients-in-exchange-online/plus-addressing-in-exchange-online.md

Plus addressing is available in [Outlook](https://outlook.live.com/owa/). By default, plus addressing support is disabled in Exchange Online. Since Exchange Online has always supported regular email addresses that already contain the plus sign, if you enable plus addressing, these email addresses might stop working.

If your organization's email is routed through Exchange Online to your on-premises servers, mailboxes hosted on-premises will also be able to use plus addresses.  

## Use the new Exchange admin center to enable plus addressing

> 1. In the new [EAC](https://admin.exchange.microsoft.com), go to **Settings** \> **Mail flow**.
> 
> 2. Select **Turn on plus addressing for your organization** and then click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the new [Exchange admin center](https://admin.exchange.microsoft.com), go to **Settings** \> **Mail flow**.

2. Select **Turn on plus addressing for your organization** and then select **Save**.
```

Author: Let's keep "click" as it's a button.

Reviewer 2: It's Microsoft style to use "select" for buttons:
<img width="683" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/54688693/150220538-34ac700c-02ad-44be-bec7-22498f823974.png">

> 2. Select **Turn on plus addressing for your organization** and then click **Save**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Select **Turn on plus addressing for your organization**, and then select **Save**.
```
